Add documentation on Reference Entities (#1037)
akeneo/pim-docs: reference_entities/configure_entity_limits.rst

Configure Entity Limits
=======================

For the Reference Entities feature (*introduced in 3.0*), some limits about number of entities have been defined to guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly.

> However, as your catalog is very unique, **you may need to raise those values**, this chapter explains how.

Reviewer: optional: maybe add a small comment to say that if they hit those limits, it's maybe because they need to change their modelisation. I don't know if we should do it here, I'm just suggesting :)

Reviewer 2: Could we add that if they raise these limits we won't support them and guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly and that they need to test the PIM with their customized limits?

Configure Entity Limits
=======================

> For the Reference Entities feature (*introduced in 3.0*), some limits about number of entities have been defined to guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For the Reference Entities feature (*introduced in 3.0*), some limits about the number of entities have been defined to guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly.
```

> For the Reference Entities feature (*introduced in 3.0*), some limits about number of entities have been defined to guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For the Reference Entities feature (*introduced in 3.0*), some limits about the number of entities have been defined to guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly.
```

> However, as your catalog is very unique, **you may need to raise those values**, this chapter explains how.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
However, as your catalog is unique, **you may need to raise those values**, this chapter explains how.
```

something can't be 'very' unique

.. warning::

>    If you hit those limits, this could reflect that **you may need to change your modelling**. If it's the case, we can't guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, be sure to test performance with your new limits.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   If you hit those limits, this could reflect that **your modelization is not adapted**. If it's the case, we can't guarantee that the PIM will be functional and runs smoothly, be sure to test the performances with your new limits.
```

Reviewer 5: Could we say that we don't offer any support if you raise those values without check on our side?

>    If you hit those limits, this could reflect that **you may need to change your modelisation**. If it's the case, we can't guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, be sure to test performances with your new limits.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   If you hit those limits, this could reflect that **you may need to change your modelling**. If it's the case, we can't guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, be sure to test performances with your new limits.
```

All those limits are defined as parameters that you can override like any other `Symfony config parameter <https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/best_practices/configuration.html>`_.

Raise the limit of Reference Entities
-------------------------------------
By default, you can't create more than **100 Reference Entities**.
If you want to create more, you have to edit the ``reference_entity_limit`` parameter, for example:

.. code-block:: yaml
    :linenos:

    # app/config/parameters.yml
    parameters:
        reference_entity_limit: 200

Raise the limit of Attributes per Reference Entity
--------------------------------------------------
By default, you can't create more than **100 Attributes per Reference Entity**.
If you want to create more, you have to edit the ``reference_entity_maximum_attribute`` parameter, for example:

.. code-block:: yaml
    :linenos:

    # app/config/parameters.yml
    parameters:
        reference_entity_maximum_attribute: 130

> Raise the limit of Options per List Attribute

Reviewer 3: The attributes are named "Simple Option" and "Multiple Option", the documentation needs to reflect that.
